What was to speak in Spanish?
Abl. Abl. I spoke ab and he spoke. She spoke. You formal
spoke. Abau. Abau. Good. We spoke is
ablamos, which I'm sure you've noticed is exactly the same as the present. We
speak. So ablamos means we speak or we spoke which for one side is wonderful
because it means you get another version of this very irregular tense without
having to to remember a new one. But of course it can cause some ambiguity and
in real life it can cause some ambiguity. Not often mind because most
of the time you have some context showing that you're talking about the
past. For example, the word for when iswando
quando. So if you want to say when we speak, I understand everything. What was
to understand? Compre. So when we speak, I understand
everything. Good. So that bit could be when we speak
generally or when we spoke. So that second half brings us into the context
and we understand that when we speak generally speaking I understand everything. But if you wanted to say
when we spoke I understood everything then of course the first bit is going to
be the same. But that second bit, I understood everything is going to give
you that context. So let's practice that one. When we spoke, I understood
everything. Very good. So again, the second part of that
sentence is making it clear whether this is the present or the past. We spoke yesterday. We spoke yesterday. Good. And we know that we can use the
present with future context in Spanish. So if you wanted to say we will speak
tomorrow, man.
So we spoke yesterday. Mñana, we will speak tomorrow. How would you say we
wait a lot? We wait a lot generally. What is a lot in Spanish?
Mucho. Good. To wait or to hope? Esper. Esper. If you forget this one,
you can think of desperate, which means unhoped. Desperado in Spanish. Again,
one of these adoid adjectives from the version that comes after a you can see
desperado which made desperate and it's desperado in Spanish not desperado like
we have uh some Spanish isms that say that have entered English but they can
enter incorrectly like desperado is desperado in Spanish or in English you
might hear no problemmo this is loosely based on Spanish. But of course, problem
in Spanish is problemma, not problemmo. And actually, you would
say, not no problem. So, espar to wait or to hope. So, talking generally, we
wait a lot. We wait around a lot. Espos mucho. Maybe you meant yesterday.
No, here it might be ambiguous unless the context is clear. So if you want to
clarify, you might want to say the word yesterday. How how would you say we
waited a lot yesterday? Good. What was to eat? And what is we eat? We ate isimosimos. We ate
we didn't eat. No commos. No commos. What was to live?
And we live generally and we lived So what this means is that because of
this one difference we have in the entire language between and verbs in the
present we have emos for andos for. What that means is that when we go into the
past ear verbs stay the same bimos bimos. But air verbs are
different. So what was to see and we see in the present?
Vimos. Vimos. And we saw vimos. Vimos. Good. What was to go out
or to leave? Sal. Good. We're going out or we're
leaving. Good. And we went out or we left the same. What was to lose? We lose.
Good. We lost. Good. How would you say we got lost or
we lost ourselves? Good. Okay. So, how would you say we
always get lost, but we didn't get lost yesterday? First thing, what was the
word for always? So, how would you say we always get
lost? Good. But
We didn't get lost yesterday. Good. Very good. There we see in that
sentence for present and for past. But of course with ear
verbs they have the same version for both. So we could say for example we
don't go out often but we went out yesterday and often is ameno ameno.
Menudo is like a literary word that's not used very often for small related to
minute actually or minuscule. It's not used very often in that sense in the
sense of small but amino is used very often to me often. Huh? So, we don't go
out often, but we went out yesterday. Good. Very good. So, here we have the
present and the past in this sentence, and we see that both of them are. Let's make a recap. So, let's do it
with and which we will use as our hook verbs. So I spoke
he spoke we spoke and is to eat. So I ate he ate. We ate.
Very good.