So we were learning how we can use the present to talk about the past using a which is to have in sentences like I have gone I have eaten. What do you think terminar means? Terminar to terminate and uh what what verb would we use more commonly in English? Finish. Finish. terminar is to finish. Do you remember how to say I have from abber? We can look at the two vowels we have in a and this will set us off. Ah yes. Okay. So I have is it e or a? It's e. Good. So we have emos. Good. How do you spell e? H e. H e. Good. Then that H comes from ab that silent H that you have there. Good. So how would you say I have finished? Firstly, how do you make finished? How do you get the word finished from terminar? Good. So you have all the information. Now you can build a sentence. I have finished termin. Good termin. And I finished it. I've finished it. What is the rule about where this la can go? It's in the beginning of the sentence actually, isn't it? This would be a simplification of the rule that you might find unhelpful. Well, if it was in the two form, it would be at the end. So, after the two form or or before everything everything else before the changed verb. So, this is the way we want to think about it. If we simplify the thought to at the beginning or at the end when there's other words there we might be really confused about where we can put it. So we must think after the complete verb the two form or before the changed verb. So if you say termin you've actually got it after a changed verb you've got it after air. So this is a very rare situation in Spanish where we have two changed verbs together. We see usually after change verb we get a complete verb. I want to finish. I can to finish. I must I owe to finish. So here we have to change verbs together. Weird situation which means there's only one place it can go before the e. Yes, it's termin. Good lin. and I finished them. So with our verbs we take off the R and we put ADO. With ear verbs we take away the air or the ear and we put eido to get this form of the verb that we need after whether it's an there's no edo. Now, like I said, there's only one difference between and verbs in all of the Spanish language. Only one occasion where they're doing things differently, and that was in the present for we. So, for example, we have vends to sell. And how do you say we sell? Good. And we had vener to come. And how do you say we come? Venimos. Venimos. So we add emos and imos. This is the only time in the whole Spanish language that these two verbs are doing something differently to get this form of the verb that we need after a goes to eido. So vender becomes vendido vendido and vener becomes venido venido. Now we understand where is from. Welcome which was to lose becomes good. Now we can make some sentences. How do you say I have lost what if you wanted to be emphatic and use the word for I to to emphasize. Good. And we said that there was a connection between I and we that we is the plural of I. So this can help us remember that there is a little connection between E for I have and we have which is emos. Emos they both use e emos. Good. So how do you say we have lost? Emosido. No is the word for we for a male or mixed group. If you are just females, what do you think you might say? No. No. Good. You pronounced an S there, which was very good. Most English speakers find themselves accidentally saying no with a zed. Not no, but no. It's an s. No. Or no. So, how would you say we have lost emphasizing? Sorry. Well, yeah. Good. No. Or no, if we're all females, good. So, we had a and then for the rest of the versions, we go to the other vowel which was in this word. So give me the other versions. Firstly, he, she, it, you formal have has a. So let's start with that one. How would you say he has lost? Good. And if you wanted to clarify or emphasize that it was he and not she, for example, close. Sorry. L. Good. Elido. L aido. and she la. So, you must differentiate between she and her. Don't just let that feminine idea come in your mind and pick one of these. You must take the time to decide which one is it. Is it she or is it her? Good. So, she has lost. Good. You have lost informally. Good. Now if you want to emphasize, if you want to say you have lost, the word for you for informal is to tu to aso. Good to what was I love you? So what is the difference between to and it's the same as the difference between she and her and he and him. Only in English we don't have two separate words for you and you in those two different positions. He sees, I see, him. So he sees, we use he, then I see him, we use him. This is very intuitive to us in English. We don't think about it. She sees, I see her. Then we have the same change. But you, it doesn't change. You see, I see you. So that might confuse us in Spanish because in English it doesn't change. But all we need to understand is that to goes in the group of l a to you and t is in the group of those little words. So let's practice this. What was to see or to view? Ver. And I see is a little bit irregular. Do you remember how it was? Ver. So how would you say I see it? I see him or I see you formal. Lo good. I see her or I see it feminine thing or I see you speaking formally to a female. Lao or how would you say I see them females or I see you plural or females or I see them feminine objects. Los. Good. And what if they were masculine or mixed objects or people? Los. Good. One set of words. We have me for me. We have the for you informal. We have lo for he for masculine object you formal or even for which kind of just means when something doesn't have gender. Maybe you'd say, you know, I want to see it. and that it refers to a situation or something like this you will use law and then from this the other ones come but building from law. So you change the o to ah to make it feminine and you add your s for plural ah which means one sound is left in this little set which is us. Do you remember how is nos nos good? So this is one set. Now let's practice the other set. How do you say he sees? Is it V? Good. And what if you want to clarify or emphasize? El. Good. She sees good. I see good. Now we said the word for we is no, not us. As us is nos. with no. So we see no good. We said that you in formal was to to the U in to which means that we have also the formal U to learn which is which is the formal U. It's actually a contraction of which means your honor. Something like this contracted to. So this is the formal you. So how would you say you see talking formally? Good. You see it talking formally or it can be either way. The word order in Spanish is much more flexible than in English. Either way, how would you say you see them still talking formally? Okay. Sorry. Good. Good. So, is flexible loss is not flexible. Losed. Now, the word for they, the word for they is aos. E L L O S. And this L L in most Spanish dialects makes a Y sound. You might hear aos around Rio de la in Buenocides of Argentina, Monte Vo, Uruguay. You might hear like a J kind of sound in Colombia. But in the great majority of Spanish speaking world, double L and Y make Y. AOS or AAS? I'm sure you can work out the difference between the two. What's the difference between AOS and AAS? AOS is for males or a mixed group and a is for females. Good. So, how would you say they see? Emphasizing or clarifying that it's they is it ven? Yes. Aos. They see them. Good. Or we could have had any combination of gender. Aos, etc. How would you say they see me? Good. AOS me. So we understanding that we have two separate groups of very important words. The set of ya aos to and yo to this. Then we have the other set of words.