We saw many uses for se. The sound se. We have se as a verb y from saber. I know. And this say is written with a written accent. Say or y or we said lo is very common. I know it just because it's a little should. So you might hear lo I know it. And then we have the grammatical set which we've seen as self himself herself themselves yourself speaking formally itself oneself. So for example you can say he stays or he remains himself seed good. So this is the se that we have for him her for it themselves. And then we also had a se which was when we have two L together. The first one the personal one will turn into S only because Spanish doesn't like phonetically the sound of having these two L together. So for example if we had a verb like to prepare. What is to prepare? Prepare. Prepare. And I prepare. prepar and I prepare them it. I prepare it for them or I prepare them it prepar good this less turns into se because we can't have less law. So we've seen these uses of se so far the grammatical se for self and then also this phonetic change. We have one more use for se to see. One more use for se. Now when we combine se with me, less nos, we get the meaning of on me in English in the sense of it died on me. Maybe the computer breaks down then you say it died on me. So you can say it died on me. It ran out on me. So you have this on me structure in English which you can use with only some verbs. Now in Spanish you can do this as well only it's much more common and you and it's not restricted to just a few verbs adding and then so for example the door was la and to close was so if you want to say the door closes you will say the door closes itself. So let's make that first. How would you say that? The door closes itself. Good. It's flexible. Now, if you want to say the door closes on me, so maybe the door keeps closing by itself and you want to give that on me feeling. Either are okay. To burn in Spanish is Kamar qu u e m a r kmar kmar kmar. So if you want to say the dinner burns, the dinner gets burnt. What was the dinner or to dine? Sar. Sar. So sar was to have dinner or to dine. And the dinner, the noun, how was it? Sarah. Senna. Good. So it burns itself. The dinner. The dinner gets burnt. Now, if you want to say the dinner burns on me, the dinner's burning on me, how would you make that meaning? So, you don't have to worry about using this structure for now until you're really comfortable with all of these little words like me, etc. all of this but you will hear it. So we're looking at this just briefly now. So it doesn't cause any confusion when you hear it. When you have this extra se and you know it's extra because it's coming with me. It shouldn't cause any confusion. If you hear me then you understand uh what is happening. Is to finish or to run out. Akabar. Aabar. Good. A c a b a r. Aabar. How would you say the battery runs out or the battery runs itself out? The battery is good. If you want to say, "Oh, my battery always runs out." You're talking about your phone and your battery is always running out. You can say, "My battery the battery." Like we said, we don't use my as much in Spanish as we do in English. The battery always runs out on me. The battery always runs out on me. What was the word for always? Good. So, let's try this sentence. The battery always runs out on me. Very good. How would you ask, does the battery run out on you? Speaking informally, does the battery run out on you? Good. Good. And what if you were speaking formally? Good. We use le because it's on you. The battery runs out on you. So not using law, using le to you, on you, from you, for you. All included there in le. And if you were speaking to more than one person. Oh no. Good. Very good. Good. So if you hear this extra s around, you know what it's doing? Was to burn. How would you say it burnt? It burnt. Ko. Now, what if you wanted to say the dinner got burnt? Good. The dinner got burnt. Now, how would you say the dinner burnt on me? The dinner got burnt on me. Good. The dinner burnt on us. Good. Very good.