We have one more time in Spanish to learn, one more verb time and that's the point in the past. The one that usually we would express with ed d in English wanted, walked or you know the irregular versions ran ate. This is the point in the past and it's much more random than the other tenses that we looked at. The point in the past is a little bit more messy. But we will find some logic in it, just not the same one that we've been seeing until now. So we will practice with abl for our verbs and with for verbs. And we will use these verbs as our hooks that we can look back to when we need to remember one of these endings. So I spoke I spoke is ab can you tell me what I did there then to get I spoke from to speak from ablar you took off the a r ending and added an e good anything else well the accent is on the air perfect good so that's I spoke and he she it or you formally spoke is ab good. And what did I do there to get ab from abl? You took off the ar and you put a no. Okay. And what the accent is on the good. So remember when we said how important the accent was in the present because if you stress ablo I speak. If you stress it wrong we said that we all get this version in the past. Ablo he, she, it and you formal spoke. What was I didn't speak? No. I sorry, no AB. No AB. And that might happen to you often, huh? Because we have such a strong connection between O and I. But in this point in the past, it's e no. And he didn't speak or she didn't speak or you ful didn't speak. No. No. Abau. Good. What was to buy? Good. Compar. So if you come up with, for example, and it doesn't feel right, you can just run a little check and change the ending. Compre. And the one that you heard before is going to be the one that jumps out at you. Compare. So how would you say I bought and I bought it? I didn't buy it. Good. He bought it. He bought it for me. Good. We don't need the for. Very good. We could use the for if we wanted if we wanted to emphasize or stress that it's for me. So, how would that be? Good. To send in Spanish is env. So we have envoy from this in English. Envelope. Is that from that or is it from envelope like to to encapsulate? You have encapsulate. Envelope. But like I said, we don't need to know when we consider these things. Just considering it helps us remember that word. And if you're particularly curious, there are I mean to check there are some very good online free resources. For example, etimonline.com emonline.com is an excellent uh free ethmological dictionary where you can check any word you have a curiosity for. So NVR to send I sent NVA. Exactly. I sent it. I sent it to you. Speaking informally, good. I didn't send it to you. Good. The word for still or yet. The same word in Spanish still oette is to which is actually the combinations of to here to in feminine meaning all and via like via in English is a way. So it's all the way. But of course no Spanish speaker hears that when they hear just like when we say expressions like as well. We don't think that that's built of as and well. So the words sometimes the small words we build these bigger words out of in English and in Spanish don't make much sense to us most of the time. But for a learner it's useful for you to divide a word like to via because it's long and you might find it difficult to remember. And if you identify that it's to and via, even if that doesn't really make any sense with the meaning of yet and still, it's going to help you internalize that vocabulary. So yet or still I didn't send it to you yet. Still speaking informally. Good. Good. What was he sent or she sent or you formally sent? It sent good. Yesterday, the word for yesterday was a y e r. Good. So, how would you say he sent it yesterday? Good. He sent it yesterday. She sent it yesterday. You formally sent it yesterday. If you want to say it was sent yesterday, this kind of structure in English where we don't say who did it, we just say it was sent yesterday. How do you think you might say that in Spanish? Se No, think first the structure in English what you will say in Spanish but in English it sent itself. Exactly. It sent itself. So what is it sent? Okay. It sent itself in. Yes. And you're dying to put the law there, right? So this is the intuition because you have it sentent in your mind. But if you don't succumb to that intuition and you work mechanically, it sent it sent itself. Okay? And then you don't get low because you don't need it. Huh? So it it sent itself yesterday. It was sent yesterday. Good. Good. Again, what was to speak? Good. And I spoke good. And he spoke. He spoke with me. Good. I don't know why he didn't speak with me. I don't know why he didn't speak with me. So, the first bit is I don't know why. He didn't speak with me. Good. To forget is that means to forget. And the noun, we don't have it in English, I don't think. the forgetting elvido the process like the experience of forgetting. I don't think we have a word like this in English and you will hear it a lot in uh songs especially in Spanish especially tango if you listen to tangos they they speak about falling in love and forgetting not ever falling out of love only to forget. How would you say I forgot? And he forgot. I was going to do it, but I forgot it. I was going to do it, but I forgot it. So, the first bit is I was going. This is your line in the past, and it's one of the three irregular verbs that we have in the line of the past. So, I was going to do it, but I forgot it. Good. Good.