How would you say urgent? Good. How would you say urgently? I love you in Spanish is literally I want you. You might have also heard. You should be weary of this difference. Teo you can use with friends, you can use with lovers very soon. is much much more serious but is te is very common and it literally means I want you. So there is you. We can get rid of this and here we are left with I want good how would you say I don't want no no good we just put no before. One of my favorite rules for convertible words is the rule for words ending I O N. This is an extremely useful rule. Words ending I O N are the same in English and Spanish. Just in Spanish they have the accent on the end. So, for example, in English we have opinion, and in Spanish, you're going to pronounce syllable by syllable, making sure that you're pronouncing the vowels as they're written, and you're going to put the accent on the end. Opinion. Opinion. Good. Passion. Passion. Passion. Good. Then you pronounce an s because we don't write sh. Preparation. Now, if it's shun, t i o n. If we have shun, it's going to be c i o n in Spanish. And this c i o n is pronounced son like an s in most of the Spanish speaking world or in most of Spain it's pronounced. So you can choose if you have a particular affiliation for Spain, you can make this th. If not, I uh suggest using the s sound because a majority of Spanish speakers are using this sound and it's also much easier. It doesn't appear difficult here. But if you want to ask for a beer, for example, with the S sound, you're going to ask for a cervesa. If you're going to ask using the th sound, you're going to ask for thea. So I would I would suggest unless you have a particular affiliation with Spain or you particularly want to be practicing with some Spanish friends or whatever to use the s sound. So you have a word like organization that zed as well is going to sound like an s or a th organ. So you see much easier then this is organic organis good preparation preparation generation generation good you had a little bit slipping in from English right one of the vowels there but if you take it syllable by syllable we get every vow perfect confirmation confirm confirm I was tempted to say confirm. Ah, but you thought no, I like ink. Perfect. So these are this is actually called language transfer. So this is negative language transfer. Things that come from English affecting your Spanish which are not part of Spanish are negative language transfer and what is useful from English. So like these convertible words that we are uh using as far as language learning is concerned. This is positive language transfer. So part of our journey here is to identify what is negative language transfer and what is positive language transfer and using both to our advantage and English becomes more interesting when we learn Spanish because we start to see where some words come from where is the inherent wisdom in the vocabulary. So confirmation for example means with signing con is uh with in Spanish and firma is signature. So when you confirm you are doing it with signature conversation conversion good and this means like with verses with verse confrontation confront confront and front actually like in front comes from which means forehead so it's with the forehead when you confront you go forward with the forehead complication Complic here com is also con but it changes to an M because of that P happens the same in English and Spanish complic but this is with folding from Latin pare to fold. So you know when you fold stuff up I guess it gets more complicated something like that. Um, now the reason why this is my favorite rule is because out of these words that end in io n, if you take the words that end as if you take those words and you get rid of the lun and you put an r on the end, you get the verb. So let me give you an example. Preparation, preparation, prepar you get the verb to prepare. So there's like a thousand verbs now we know in Spanish. What was generation? Good. What is to generate? Good. What was confirmation? Confirm. Confirm. Good. What is to confirm? Confirm. Yes. Confirm. So, if you had to guess, how do you think you would say to sign? If to confirm is with signing. Yesar firmar means to sign huh complication complication to complicate complic good so now we can make some sentences with this what was again I want and if we forget that we can think of I love you in Spanish and then take away the you so now we can make some sentences I want to prepare How do you say cooperation? Cooper. Good. Cooper. Good. You pronounce both O's. That was correct. Cooper just sounds a tiny bit longer. No. Cooper. To cooperate. I want to cooperate. Good. How do you say cancellation? Cancellation. And to cancel. I want to cancel. Good. How do you think you would say I don't want to cancel? Perfect. Exploration. Exploration. To explore. Explorer. Good. I want to explore. Explorer. Perfect. The word for me in Spanish is the same as English. You're just going to pronounce it how it's written. Me. Me. Good. How would you say I want to prepare myself? Myself is the same as me. So you would say I want to prepare me. Good. I want to prepare me. I want to prepare myself. And this means I want to get ready. You can use this like I want to get ready. Now, this probably sounds quite formal in English. I want to prepare myself. But we should be aware that in English, Latin words sound especially formal. Not always. Uh, cancel doesn't sound formal because it's the only word we use to say cancel. But most of the time, we have two words with similar meanings. Like, for example, you might have to find and then to encounter, which sounds a little bit more formal or a little bit more literary or flowery. And these ones that have these different feelings in English are generally Latin words. And the Germanic words like find which in German is finden same word sound more everyday colloquial. Now we should bear in mind that that's in English and Latin words in Spanish which is modern Latin of course don't sound formal. They just sound normal.