[T] So let's make a little recap of some of the situations in which we are using the mood tense with a new verbar. Means to leave but in the sense of to leave a message rather than leave to go out like good. How would you say leave me a message? Speaking formally a message is Good. And of course, positive command, we have the meme me after the verb. How would you say I want you to leave me a message? Speaking informally, I want you to leave me a message. Good. In the same way, if you were to say, "I want to tell him to leave me a message." You won't say, "I want to tell him to leave me a message." Literally, you will say, "I want to tell him that he leaves me a message." What is to say or to tell? Good. So I want to tell him is the first bit that he leaves me a message. Good. So you don't want to tell him that he is leaving you a message. You want to tell him to leave you a message. So here we use the mood tense. Now if you were to say what would be understood there without the mood tense is I want to tell him that he she or you formal is leaving me a message. But if you use here your mood tense then it's understood there that sense of order and you will understand. I want to tell him to leave me a message. Good. When he leaves you the message, call me. Let's speak informally. When he leaves you the message, call me. Good. Call me informally. So, it's our shortcut. Goodw if you wanted to clarify. Good. So afterwando when we're referring to the future, when we're referring to something that hasn't happened yet, we feel a bit superstitious about it and we want to use our mood tense. It's essential that he sees my message. It is essential. The T I A L here. What do you think might happen to it in Spanish? Like the T I O N like in tradition becomes tradition. So something similar might happen here. Essential. Well done. Essential. Spacial. Good. So it's essential that he sees my message. Essential. He sees my message. It's based on the irregularity of the I version. Good. So it's essential that he or she or you formal see my message. Good. Good in Spanish means something like hopefully. You will hear it a lot. And there's a lot of versions of the history of where it came from. What it's definitely got something to do with is Allah. The Arabic word for God or the God. Allah. And the south of Spain was part of the Muslim world for for around the 8 centuries. So we have a lot of Arabic uh words and structures and habits in Spanish. And one of them is this popular expressional. And there's a lot of versions of where it came from exactly. Although my favorite is that it's a contraction of means I. And it's still used in some places like watch out. Careful. Watch it. beware. So it's like so you say it when you want something I want this hopefully. Although that's just one version of where oh came from. So after you can use the mood tense to say what you want to happen. So you can say for example hopefully she will leave a message or she leaves a message using your mood tense. Hopefully she leaves a message. Good. How would you say hopefully it will be soon? When something happens is a characteristic of it. So if you want to say hopefully it's soon, we need to use that irregular root of s that we have in the mood tense. Do you remember how that is? And it's like the popular expression that we have in Spanish that you might hear a lot which begins O. Good. Hopefully it is soon. Hopefully it will be soon. Good. Good. So you will hear and want to use very often and also you use with this subjective tense. So, like we said, you just want to listen out for when the mood tense is used. Get interested in it. Analyze why it's been used. Think about why it's been used. Think about how that fits in to the the image and the vision that you are getting of the mood tense and how and why it's used. It's something that you should enjoy and analyze. And the most interesting areas might be the optional uses because with the optional uses of the mit tense, you can really give many different tones to what you're saying. Whether it's humor or sarcasm or sincerity, irritation, there's a whole spectrum of feelings you can express with it. And these are best understood explored in a live environment practicing, listening to, and analyzing Spanish.