[T] Let's celebrate — "celebrar." Inside the word "celebrar" means the word "inform," "inform," "inform." We don't want to — you, you, we — think we don't know how to take them block by block, and in this way we can really say so much in Spanish. We wouldn't know how to jump by obligation — no. You may find it — in Spanish it is so... "cancello," "cancello" — regular. Rolling your tongue — that's regular. Really, this is well. Now, if you can't make that sound I don't want you to worry about it yet. It's something that I couldn't pronounce either — I actually couldn't pronounce it for a long time and it was really frustrating. I was trying to pronounce it and when you're trying to pronounce it, your mouth gets tense, and actually you need a very relaxed mouth to pronounce it. You kind of lift your tongue up a little bit and the air flows. Now, if you make the air flow — so I tried for a very long time, I got very frustrated, and I gave up. Then I was practising Spanish in Peru one day and I started speaking about rice, which is "arroz," and the "r" came out all by itself. And I was so excited and I was jumping up and down, and then I heard — the more you hear it, just let it come out. The more you hear it, the more you want to pronounce it — let it come.



[T] So initially — or two together inside a word — you pronounce a doubled "r." So the word for "but" in Spanish is "pero" — P-E-R-O — and the word for "dog" is "perro" — P-E-R-R-O. "Pero" — still kind of more pronounced, you know — still using it, and then "perro." You keep that in the same position you are using to make that Spanish sound, which is a little bit more pronounced than the English sound, but you pass a little bit of air over it and you let it flick: "perro, perro." Now, like I said, I don't want you to worry if you can't pronounce it. There are even native Spanish speakers that can't pronounce this, so it's really something I don't want to inhibit anybody over.



[T] How do you think — "salvar"? Sit — "situar" — sit. Participation — "participar," "participar." Take — does "take" — participation, "participar," "participar." Slow. Get in the habit of taking it slowly, dividing it up syllable by syllable. We correct the process slowly; we don't jump.



[T] [music].



[T] Participate. "Experimentar" — this also means to experience, to experiment, and to experience — which is a little bit of wisdom I really like from Spanish. Because your experience is like an experiment: if you think that your relationship with experience is scientific, you look at what happens and you learn from it. Or at least you should. So in Spanish there is a suggestion of that in the fact that these words are the same: to experience and to experiment is the same verb — "experimentar.".



[T] "Influencia." "Existir" — exists — "inconsistente" — inconsistent — "incongruente" — incongruent. Yes.