How would you say I don't want the door to close on me. So what was to close and the door la which is related to port of course you stress down on the o of port and you get pto puto is port and you change the all to an a and you get pa door. So I don't want the door to close on me. Oh, I don't want that the door closes on me. Exactly. Very good. After we're using the mood tense. Good. How do you say again or another time? Good. I don't want the door to close on me again. Good. What was the verb to return or to come back and it's related to revolve? Volv good. Volv instead of saying another way of saying again in Spanish is to use. So for example it closes again we can say it returns to close. Why do we have a here? Because it's a verb of movement. Good. So, how would you say I don't want the door to close again with volv? How would it be? So, let's take it from the beginning. I don't want that. The door returns. Very good. To close itself. Good. can be used like again and it's very common in Spanish. You might hear it around. So if you say I don't want it to happen again for to happen you can use to pass. What was to pass or if you don't remember you can make a guess here or occur or you can use that as well for happen succession. All of these mean to happen. Pass is probably easier and easier to remember. So I don't want it to happen again. I don't want it to return to happen. Good. Good. So we saw that we have the mood tense with which we are switching the vowel. So we go from v to get the mood tense or we have sar and we go from sier to sier to get the mood tense. We only have mood tense in the present and in the past. It doesn't exist in the futures. It used to and there are a couple of words left behind in fixed expressions that still have this form. But for all intents and purposes it doesn't exist anymore in Spanish. the future mood tense. We have the present which we've practiced and have a very good hold on and the past mood tense. Now the past mood tense is very easy to build. We will always build it going from the they form of the point in the past. And now that I've mentioned the point in the past, I should also mention that the mood tense for the past is the same for the line and the point. There are not two different ones. It counts for both. And we build it going from the point in the past for they. So for example, if we take a verb like to speak and they spoke, is it ablon? Yes, ablon. So that's the first step to find the mood tense for the past is to go to the le form for the point in the past. So you find ablon and you change that last or to an a and what do you get? Ablon ablon and that is your mood tense for they in the past. Now from that we can work backwards to find the I, he, she, it, you formal version. If we work backwards from ablan, what would we do to work backwards from ablan? What would we get rid of? The n abl abl. And then we can make the u informal version good. And we and the accent won't move. Applamos. Good. So that's just set. We can do the same now with com. What was they ate the point in the past? Good. So now give me the mood tense version of they ate. Good. And I ate. Heat. You formulate. Good. We and you informal so this is how we form our mood tense in the past. We want to go from the they form. So we use this pretty much in the same kind of situations that we use the present mood tense just in the past. We have a couple of situations that are specifically for past. So for example where necessitates the mood tense in the present I wanted that will necessitate the mood tense in the past. What is I wanted using the line in the past. So now you could say something like I wanted them to eat with us. I wanted that they ate with us. And that they ate of course will be in the mood tense. I wanted that they ate with us. Good. And as we said, point in the past, line in the past. When it comes to the mood tense, it's the same. I was hoping that he would call me. I was hoping that he would call me. So, I was hoping that we don't say would. We use the past mood tense again. I was hoping that he called me. Good. may. So whilst in English we would say I was hoping that he would call me, in Spanish I was hoping that he called me. And we use the past mood tense. Good. What was to need or to necessitate? Necess. Good. Necess. How would you say we needed using the line in the past? We needed. We were needing good. How would you say we needed to speak with him? We needed to speak with him we needed to speak with him. Good. So here we don't need the mood tense. We needed to speak with him. But if you were to say we needed that he speak with us. We needed that he spoke with us. Then this that this K is what most of the time in Spanish is alerting you that maybe you want to use the mood tense. So we needed that he speak with us. How is that? Very good. Very good. What was to return? And we said that we can also use this verb like again. Volv So if I wanted to say I called you again, I could just say I return to call you. It's got nothing to do with actually returning. Huh? It's just a way of saying again. So what is I returned from? To return from vulva. Go back to comv. Good. So I called you again speaking informally. Good to organize. In order to organize. Good. So al together I called you again in order to organize speaking informally. Good. So if we have bar or ganis, we don't need to worry about the mood tense and we can sometimes adjust our sentence putting two forms so that we can avoid finding the mood tense. So you could say something like I called you again in order to organize and then you don't need the mood tense. But if you were to say I called you again so that in order that we organized then there you would have to use the mood tense. So how would that be? I called you again informally still so that we organized. So it's the mood tense now in the past. Very good. Very good. So you have to take a trip through ah to find it and it's quite time consuming at the beginning but once you start practicing this past mood tense of course it becomes much quicker to find these different forms. And like I said, you can even avoid the use of the mood tense just by saying in a structure like this one, for example. So, we're seeing that there are similar structures to the structures we practiced the mood tense in the present with, just in the past.