[T] To count in Spanish is cont. We can see that it's the same word. No, but it's also to recount like in English how you say to recount a story. So, you can also use it like to tell, especially with telling stories. How would you say I tell? I'm tempted to say quento. Quento. You would be correct. Quento. Good. The O splits. So quento is it I tell and quento is the noun meaning story. Quento is a story. So we can see how cont is to count but also to recount or another verb for to tell. C O N T A R. So how would you say I want you to tell me? I want you to recount to me informally. Good. I want you to tell me something and speaking plurally now. Speaking to more than one U. Good to count on. To count on in the sense of you can count on me. To count on is con. So to count with in Spanish. So how would you say I want you to count on me? I want you to count on me. Speaking informally, goodigo. Good. I want you to count on me. Very good. So we said that sometimes between English and Spanish that the prepositions might change. We say to count on in English and in Spanish to count with. We also spoke about how we can use the negative language transfer of Spanish speakers speaking English that may make some mistake and we can make certain assumptions about Spanish through that. So maybe we hear a native Spanish speaker speaking English saying you can count with me. And if we hear that a couple of times, we can understand that that's probably how it's said in Spanish. So, we can take advantage of any negative language transfer we may hear from Spanish speakers in English. What was to wait or to hope? Espir tense. So, how would you say I hope that you count on me informally? Good. Good. I hope that you count on me. Good. How would you say we hope that they count on Maria? We hope that they count on Maria. Good. Maria, we hope that they count on Maria. What if you wanted to say we hope that they tell Maria it using cont. No. So now we're using to count like to recount. We hope that they recount it to Maria. We hope that they tell it to Maria. Very good. So here we have the other meaning of cont to recount to tell what was to see there. There. So if we say for example we hope that they see Maria. What is they see in the present? Then then. Now, if you want to make the mood tense and you switch to the other side, you would get van, which would probably cause, especially in the optional uses of the mood tense, a lot of confusion because van sounds like like they're going. Yes. So, we actually build the mood tense on the i form, which was the only irregular form of ver in the present. Do you remember how to say I see? Deo. So we kept the e. So the mood tense is based on on this version to avoid any ambiguity that might be caused withh. So how would you say I hope that they see? I hope that they see. Good. Now if you want to say I hope that they see Maria we will say a Maria. Now the literal translation doesn't make any sense I hope that they see to Maria. In Spanish we have this personal ah that we use when we referring to somebody that we are doing the action of the verb to. So in this case the person that we are doing the action of seeing to espero a maria the reason for this is that the order in Spanish is quite flexible. No words like Maria can come before the verb or after the verb which might cause confusion about whether Maria is doing or being done to whether Davidid is doing or being done to. So when it's being done to we include this ah and when there's not any other preposition there that shows us that we are doing it too. So we saw already for example Maria there we don't need the ah but if there's no other preposition we will have to put the ah. So let's practice this. What is to understand? Compren So how would you say I hope that you speaking informally I hope that you understand David I hope that you understand David Goodrenavid how would you say the same sentence speaking formally I hope that you formally I hope that you understand David. Good. Now we can see why this ah is important because if it weren't there, if we were to say it would sound like I hope that Davidid understands because David is flexible. would both mean I hope that David understands. So to make it clear, this habit formed in Spanish of putting the a there. For example, the word for man was begins with a silent h. Umbre. Umbre. The man el ombre. El ombre. If you say to the man, a l ombre, a and l they stick together and they form al. And it's written like this. A l al. So if you were to say, I want him to see the man. I want that he sees the man. I want that he sees to the man. So how would that be? We go from to avoid that ambiguity. Good. But if you were to say, I want the man to see. I want that the man sees. So because the order is flexible, we can't just put elre afterwards and understand from that I want that he sees the man. If we put afterwards we will still understand I want that the man sees. So we need to say alere what was I like it pleases me so you could say I like that the teacher visits and here we will use the mood tense after I like that because again you are casting your subjectivity onto the world and you show that with this mood tense. I like that. The teacher visits. The teacher we say the professor. So how is that? Professor. Good. Or for female for feminine professor. Very good. So either one. I like that the teacher visits. Very good. The order is flexible. Now, if you wanted to say, I like that she visits the teacher. How would that be? So, I still understand from this sentence, I like that the teacher visits because the order, the word order is not changing the information for us because the word order is flexible. So, I like that the teacher visits. But if we want to make it understood, I like that he visits the teacher. How are we going to clear that up? Good. Very good. So to clarify, it's not just when there might be some ambiguity that we have to use this uh personal ah we always need to use this ah when the human that we mention is having the action of the verb done to them and there's no other preposition present. Now I say the human not a human because it's when we refer to a specific person. And whilst this personal is generally used with humans, we might also see it as a way of personifying nonhumans. So some people use it with pets for example or it can be used in some creative ways. Uh for example, to escape death. And using this personal ah in this expression personifies death but generally speaking we will use it with humans and with specific humans when we are referring to a specific person. So for example I need to find the plumber there we would use the personal a plumber there we wouldn't. So it's important to listen out for it and to analyze when you hear it to understand why it was used. And this is the way we internalize these kind of quite specific details that we find in language. And the reason why I keep stressing the importance of listening is to practice this thinking process to practice analyzing the language and becoming our own teachers. This is how language becomes something fascinating and and pleasant to learn instead of frustrating and painful.