We said that for our verbs we take away the R and we put aba to get this line in the past. So to dine or to have dinner I was having dinner. I was dining. I used to have dinner. I used to dine. Now for verbs we take away our ear ending and we put where did we hear that before? The wood tense com was to eat. How was I would eat good? Now for the line in the past, we're not adding on to the full verb. We're taking off our ending before we put. So how would it be? I was eating. He was eating. She was eating, etc. Come vender is to sell vendor. I would sell it. I would sell it. I was selling it. I was selling it. Good. If you want to say for sale, you can just say it sells itself. It sells itself. It's for sale. How would that be? Send. Good. for sale. It sells itself. And if you go to a Spanish-sp speakaking place, you will see on houses and on cars this expression. It was selling itself. It was for sale. It would be for sale. It would sell itself. It would sell itself. It would be for sale. Good. What was to break again related to rupture? Romper. Good. How would you say I was breaking it? L rompia. L rompia. Good. And if you just want to say it was breaking, you mean by itself. It was breaking, not something else. How would you say it? Seia. Good. How would you say they were breaking? Good. Give me again the two form to break. What is I would break it. I would break it. I would break it. How would you say I was breaking it? L rompia. L rompia. Good. How would you say they would break it? They would break it. Less. They would break is where you need to begin. They were breaking it. They were breaking it. Lumpian. ramp. So we have the same endings for would and for the line in the past for air verbs. The big difference of course is that for would we are adding on to the two form of the verb and for the past we're taking off our endings first which means we get pairs like I would eat I was eating romperia I would break I was breaking. So, how would you say it breaks? It breaks. And you mean it gets broken. It breaks itself in the present tense. How would you say it's going to break? It's going to break. How is we are going or let's go? It is going to break. ba good or ba. So this means it's going to break. It's going to get broken. And there we're not waiting to hear what it's going to break because we have se. So we completed that structure. We completed the sentence with set. The word for how in Spanish is. If you want to ask somebody in Spanish, how do you say? So maybe you have a Spanish- speaking friend that speaks English and you want to use them like a dictionary and say, how do you say X, Y, or Z? What you will say in Spanish is how does it say itself? How is it said? How does it say itself? So this is another example of where you might be using this structure of self which we are seeing in Spanish is very flexible. It's giving us many different meanings. This structure of myself, yourself, ourselves, itself this structure. So it says from the is a little bit irregular but then the other versions follow. So we have this for he, she, it allstead. How would you say you in form will say this? Good. And they decent decent. And as we know the we form tends to escape the irregularity as the accent is somewhere else. So we go back to and to say we say good. So how would you say how is it said? How does it say itself? So you you will use this often. You don't say this means how do you as an individual say how do you say it? If you want to say how is it said how does it say itself? So say is doing quite a lot in Spanish. Sometimes we're using it to wrap up the sentence to show that we're not using a verb to anybody or to anything else like in it breaks or it transforms these examples that we saw. Sometimes the say is changing the meaning like between kadar remain or be left over and kadar to stay and sometimes this has quite a creative application it sells itself for sale or we could even have Spanish speaks itself Spanish is spoken Spanish spoken espanol by itself means to remain and you can use this in the sense of I have one left. In Spanish you will say it remains to me one. This is the structure in Spanish. I have one left. It remains to me one. So how would you say that? I have one left. What is the word for one? Uno. Uno or una if you're talking about a feminine thing. So I have one left. It remains to me one. Un. That means I stay one. So there you made the reflexive structure. You said I remain myself and you got the meaning of to stay. But what you want is it remains to me. Meo I have one left. I have two left. If me is it remains to me one I have one left. How do you think you would say I have two left? The word for two is dos. Doss. to related to duo. So I have two left. They remain to me too. Mean very good. And of course we have the they form of the verb because it's they remain as I'm saying they remain to me to me. How do you think it would be if you wanted to say he has two left? Leeds led. two of them they remain to him he has two left or she has two left or you formal have two left so maybe if you go to a shop and you ask for something and uh there's none left maybe they will say no I don't have any left no me you will hear both just depending on what the person has in their mind I have none left as in one I have none left as in they've all gone no but we saw that with this verb then When we use this reflexive structure, this self structure, we get a different meaning. If I say I remain myself, then I get the meaning of to stay. I stay. So how is I remain myself? Good. We remain ourselves. Good. He remains himself or she remains herself. They stay good. It's all of those that begin with Lo all become se for the self version from abl to speak. If you want to say I was speaking, he was speaking ablaba. So we have aba as our key sound for the line in the past for our verbs. They were speaking. Good. So, how would you say they were staying? They were remaining themselves. Good. They weren't staying here. Good. I wasn't staying here. So works for I, he, she, it, and we were staying here. The accent stays. We weren't staying here. Good. Now if you wanted to say we didn't have any left. So here what we will say is it didn't or they didn't. We have the option remain to us. Good. Good.